Update README.md (#22)
alliander-opensource/rcdt_robotics: README.md

To use this repository, first clone it including the submodules:

`git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/alliander-opensource/rcdt_robotics.git`

> In case you cloned the repository, but forgot to pass the --recurse-submodules flag, this canbe fixed by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you cloned the repository, but forgot to pass the --recurse-submodules flag, this can be fixed by running:
```
